# Head of the Serpent

The white walls of Volcano Manor were scorched. Ash coated its high roofs and turrets like snow. Yet, it was whole. Perhaps there would be survivors. I hoped they were stronger than those in the Academy who had boiled alive.

I asked my scouts to stand back and approached the great doors alone. I rapped on it with the butt of my mace and waited, listening carefully.

Almost at once, the doors swung open. Hunchbacked servants in green tunics bowed and motioned me inward. Up the stairs; another doorway, more servants. A hallway, a door, more servants. The lighting was dim, and the shadows were stark and long. I was walking down the throat of a monster, and I would have to fight my way out.

In the first true chamber, there was a large roundtable set, as was the tradition of Leyndell. It was too clean, as if it had not been used for a long while. A gentle hearth was opposite the door.

I was directed past these, to a small alcove. The floor there was raised, and a colorless portrait of a solemn man loomed over the whole wall.

Praetor Rykard, Queen Marika's stepson and enforcer. As much as he had contributed to the Order's oppression, he had undermined it. He had been the one to smuggle the Fire Monks to his mother's land of Liurnia.

Next to this overbearing and lifeless icon was a smaller portrait painted by inexpert hand. It showed a crowned woman wearing a regal mask. She gazed up at the other portrait. Though even my crude eyes could see the technical faults in this one, the colors were warmer, and there was a life in her eyes missing from Rykard's.

In front of the portraits sat a woman in similar gown and crown. She did not wear the mask, and I found myself captivated by something in her eyes. I broke away swiftly.

Next to her stood a towering bodyguard – one of my people, a prelate. The brazier on his head burned fiercely to show he had still not broken faith. The flame-shaped greathammer that was symbol of his office rested lightly over one shoulder, and the smiling face of his life mask bounced lightly as he hummed something I couldn't quite hear.

The lady introduced herself as the proprietress of the Volcano Manor, daughter of Rykard.
