# Three Against Three Fingers

There would be three of us to lead the march against the Lord's tower while the assassins crept unseen. One was another like me, with whom a treaty would need be brokered. The other, the Queen of Death called her brother. I should speak with him to learn more of the plan and why they should be trusted.

My team was released in a flash, and the assassins clung to their Queen's sides like black wings. From beneath the ash, they plucked a number of satches. The wheat we had come for, they assured us. Our scholars could guarantee it. I only wondered whether that meant the assassins had a mole among the scholars or that they wanted me to think so.

As a show of determination, I took the first bag myself. My bodyguard was close behind, growling at the masked assassin who had targeted me. When I looked again, half of the assassins were gone. I hastily whispered plans with my group as the regrouped, and still more vanished. We were so totally at their mercy that we no longer had to fear. We would die or we would not. There would be no struggle.

Soon, there were only two, their Queen and my would-be killer. The Queen insisted we hurry and offered one of her own as guide and hostage. I accepted. Better to see the eye which would be upon me.

The Queen vanished even as I watched. This was truly our best bet for slaying the Lord.

I turned and ordered my party back to Volcano Manor. They should send a messenger to the Academy immediately. If worst came to worst, a spy still could not invite assassins past the barrier. All glintstone keys not in use should be locked away. Only my lady and the prelate should know the location of the spare keys. I gave as much of this in code as I could.

For now, I would follow our guide to the ashes of the Capital. Only my bodyguard and captain would accompany me. Together, we had the best odds of escape. Should the worst happen and we all be slain, explorers and messengers alike, I had told the prelate to bring a second team in force. I left a mark of giantsflame he would recognize, and we departed.
