# Announced Alignment

Returning to the Academy, I found the groups at each others' throats.

I had not realized how long I had been kept belowground. The knights wanted to stage a daring rescue, even should it cost their lives. Such was honor.

The nobles were split again. Some were convinced of the need to purge the unclear with righteous fury only their bloodline possessed. The others were glad to be rid of me, a foreigner and heretic.

The regular soldiers did not wish to rush to their deaths but held a silent resignation. If the Academy were to attack such creatures, they would only have one chance. They would need to follow the knights if it came to that.

The scholars of course insisted on more study. Samples of dead creatures should be collected. Diplomats should be sent. The sort of curiosity which could never be afforded around such contaminants as the Scarlet Rot or the Frenzied Flame, to say nothing of the two entwining.

My appearance stalled the fighting. Some wondered if I had been compromised, but my good-natured bodyguard assured them I had none of the foul scent on me. The others had yet to encounter the powers against us and could not deny his proof.

I told them all that their fears were not unfounded. I had sold us – as many as would follow me. I made the dragon's sign, and the moon leered at the Academy. The great aquatic beast swam to us through the moonbeams, descending from above the edge of the barrier.

I would not need to win over the other factions after all.
