# Lunar Cycle

After the initial excitement passed, the scholars drew away into deep contemplation. They had kept their secrets, even in spite of everything. With the archdragon looming over them like a living god, they now began to have doubts. After much debate, they took me into their confidence. A lucky stroke. We may have been slain if they had not.

The Lord of Chaos had been one of the Tarnished. Guided by Grace, they sought the fragments of the Elden Ring, to repair it and become Elden Lord. This wicked Lord of course still held all those fragments.

Yet, what was a fragment of a symbol? Could such a thing be truly seized?

The Academy's barrier held strong no doubt thanks to the thorn-seal of the traitor Radagon lying beneath the glintstone pageantry. So too, the scholars told me, had the Lunar Queen Rennala kept the Great Rune of Rebirth. The queen herself was still mad, still rebirthing the same students she had once taught, their minds long gone.

Yet where a Lunar Queen had failed, perhaps a Lunar Dragon would succeed.

I told them of the direness we faced. They must give up their hostage, lest our new patron turn against us. That was enough to settle the debate. They invited the dragon to the sealed royal library, high atop the Academy spire.

What remained of the Carian Queen was a sad sight. In spite of the towering physique brought about by the Rune, she was curled up and half weeping. Students lay all around her, crawling and singing simple rhymes. It was all they could do with their minds so regressed.

The dragon could only barely squeeze through the door, though the room itself was large enough as long as the beast was cautious of the bookshelves.

"_I have come, forlorn mother.

_I have come to speak as another._

_You hold the key to save our daughter,_

_but you must take the path I offer._"

I wondered briefly what this alliance would bring. Though distanced, Queen Rennala was effectively a part of the destroyed Order. If she was as weak as she seemed, then perhaps she was a symbol we could use to establish legitimacy over whatever other survivors there were.

"_All things new must from the old break:_

_the closed cycle of the One Great._

_These children here are only hollow;_

_with no sacrifice, their deaths soon follow._

_The Rune can guide a soul's new path,_

_but without cost, it will not last._

_Children, husband, slain by Fire,_

_only I can grant your last desire._

_The princess from her slumber wakes_

_only if your life I take._"

Rennala agreed without hesitation. I only wish I had her strength.
