# Deliberation

Our need for resources was now laid bare so even the nobles could not deny it. They had known some of the refugees. The only thing that separated them was luck. We were all resolved to push back the rotkin and fully claim the caves with water and edible mosses.

We were training new priests, and the regular soldiers were improving their tunnel-fighting skills. They would do well, but there were two major risks.

Humans are simply not as adapted for dim caves as those skittering creatures. They could still ambush us if we were not careful, and each loss for us would be dear. The enemy's troops were disposable.

The other danger was if one of my daughters attacked. Only my shield-bearing bodyguard or my new knight-captain had the skill to defend against the Frenzied Flame. I was not yet ready to initiate others in the secrets of giantsflame, even to counteract Rot or Frenzy.

Yet, where could we find others to lead such battles? The camps of the Fire Monks were wiped out. I had known them all well enough to assume there were no survivors.

That did not mean I was truly the last or that more were out of reach. Some of us had thrown in our lot with a demigod after the Shattering. Perhaps those monks still lived.

I called for a new scouting party. Just the bare minimum. My bodyguard would command the day-to-day operations of the Academy, and the knight-captain would watch over the tunnels. I would go in person and without escort for the approach. Only aides for the journey.

I would seek the Volcano Manor of Praetor Rykard.
