# Our seed will look back upon us and recall

I pray this record finds my children well. Or their children's children. Perhaps it was too embellished. Perhaps my memory fades fast, or perhaps I feared it would not be heeded if left plain. Know that it is mostly truth, save all the ugly details which come with life.

This Age of Fire was always meant to fade. Ruin was always its heart. This was the only way for us to escape enslavement. I hope it was enough. And I hope you will forgive me for the burdens it will place on you. I will soon sacrifice my life to forcibly extend it.

The soul of the last Fire Monk will hopefully sate Ruin for small age. In my place, you must find a way to keep strong without heavenly runes. Trust in Seath. She has never steered us wrong, and though she does not truly care for us, she would die for her Priscilla just as Rennala did.

Fire spur you,
Gwyn, King of Upper Lordran

—

Postscript—

To ████: Never forget what we fought for.

To Gwynevere: I'm sorry.

To Gwyndolin: Do not resent your powers. Your great-grandmother Rennala was wiser than any Lord.

—

To Queen Velka: You were right.

To Gravelord Nito: I pray you remain gracious in caring for those of my people who enter your domain before they pass on.

To Seath: You have my full trust, but I beg you remember we are only human.

—

To Izalith: I wish I could have saved you.

To ████: ███████████████████.

To Quelaag: if you're still out there, take care of your sister.

To █████: ██████████████████████████████████.

To █████: ██████████████.

To █████: ████████████████████████.

To █████: █████████████████.

To Quelana: You have too much of both of us in you. Hiding is never the answer.

—

To Artorias: Just ask for her hand already, boy.

To Ornstein: Your service has been a source of constant comfort. I release you. Do as would make proud the Red Lion once more.

To Gough: Among my regrets remain the enduring servitude of your people. I wish I were ever as skilled at statecraft as you are with your whittling.

To Ciaran: **Kill Lloyd.**

To Smough: Please seek help, old friend. Your appetite only worsens your condition. I hate to see you suffer the fate of Volcano Manor.

—

To my lovely and patient Zorayas:

I will be with you soon.
