# A World without Disparity

The pleasant valley of Liurna was now a blasted crater. Or rather, it was again. It had been formed by a falling star, and such was the source of its glintstone. As the Frenzied Flame parched the earth, great cracks formed, and seams of untapped glintstone shone in the haze. With grey smoke still drifting through the air, light was diffused, and it was difficult to tell the time of day. Yet when darkness fell, it was as if the stars were beneath us.

Unfortunately, these chasms were useless to us. Mosses contaminated by glintstone were inedible, no matter how some of the sorcerers tried.

Much of our survival was owed to the Academy. Its barrier had held strong, even against the Frenzied Flame. The greatest violence of the Shattering could not breach it. It merely had to let the Flame burn itself out. Of course, there were no survivors. Air could still pass through the barrier, and the Flame burned it all.

Some parts of the Academy were ruined by the heat, but the stores of food it had gathered against the Shattering were mostly intact. We took shelter there, gathering precious water in what containers we could.

We didn't fear attack from the ruins of the world beyond. The rolling hills around the lakes had been burnt to jagged cliff walls. What we feared as much our underground water drying up was that the cracking of the earth had awakened things which long lay dormant. We would likely face crystalians before long, and we hoped there would be no worse.

By now, they had more than come to accept me. True, I had been an enemy before, but I had walked the frozen wastes of the north. Ash and snow weren't so different. I was an outsider, but in that, I was trusted to be impartial in matters of strained resources and lingering politics. The knights especially appreciated my field experience, which I shared freely. The academics and nobles could make plans, and I would make them work.

I thought to search for my family, but there was always more to do. Before long, some of the knights were like the sons I'd never had. I still thought of my wife and daughters but began to wonder if they hadn't died to the horrors below, which even now I prepared to battle. And surely, they thought I had been consumed by flame.
