# Paleblood

The pit was surprisingly deep, but the reflections on the crystals kept it from being too dark. The crystals were spreading from cracks in the stone, and rubble was strewn everywhere. There were scorchmarks from the Frenzied Flame burning away deep roots, and the heat had caused pockets of moisture to burst throughout the cavern.

I looked ahead and listened. The sound was growing louder, but there was still no sign of clear danger. I looked into one of the deep crags. As far as I could see in the dim light, the crystals filled the earth. The Lands Between were strewn with fallen envoys from the heavens and mortal civilizations long buried. There could be no imagining what the Frenzied Flame had unleashed in its destruction of the surface.

I continued onward, clinging to one wall in case the path split or I was ambushed. Before long, the tunnel opened up. The room ahead was not especially large, but a great beast crouched within.

I could recognize the sound now. The creature was weeping.

It was pure white, and crystals fell from its skin like gentle snowfall. Its wings shimmered every shade of moonlit blue. I could only see its upper body. It, like the crystals, had torn its way from the tomb of the earth.

I had seen all I needed to see. This was a monster we had no hope of besting. It was clearly a thing of the void, perhaps what had first made the crater of the lakes. Glintstone sorceries and enchanted weapons would do less to it than blades to the crystalians. We would need to find a new home.

I began to back away without turning. It could not chase me through the tunnels, but I would be hard-pressed to avoid a sorcerous projectile.

"Wait," she said, her voice resonating in my mind.

I tensed. Sparks danced on my fingertips, but I did not make a hostile move yet.

Her voice was a spell itself. I "heard" it the manner of a blinding light. My mind raced, and I could hardly move as it poured into me. One does not forget the words of an archdragon. They are carved into you.

"Child of the forge. Child of flame.

Champion who builds the world again.

I offer you a contract. A boon for a boon.

Grant my wish to earn the wisdom of the moon."

The beast turned to face me. It had a great snout and horns but resembled a sea creature more than a dragon. Strange tendrils streamed from it and captured the reflected moonlight. It cradled some blue creature in both arms.

"My child is gone, and here she lays.

Awaiting a Lord, her cause betrayed.

Seek the betrayer, pluck out their eyes.

Bring them to me, and my power is thine."

My body didn't budge.

"Have I the strength to refuse?"

"For but one reason may I bring you strife:

if you hoard the Rune which grants new life.

I would destroy all for hope of saving my child.

Else, you will find my temper most mild."

I nodded. That was about all the movement I could manage.

"I see. I must speak with my people before saying more. I pray you will release me, o great one."

She drew a rune in the air. It shone a cold blue instead of the red-gold of the Erdtree.

"Go to the Academy of my grandchildren below.

Make my sign, and your acceptance I'll know."
